FluidStatic Container API Re-design and DDS support (#5782)
microsoft/FluidFramework: experimental/framework/fluid-static/README.md

## Fluid Containers

A Container instance is a organizational unit within Fluid. Each Container instance has a connection to the defined Fluid Service and contains an independent collection of collaborative objects.

Containers are created and identified by unique ids. Management and storage of these ideas are the responsibility of the developer.

## Using Fluid Containers

Using the default `Fluid` object the developer can create and get Fluid containers. Because Fluid needs to be connected to a server containers need to be created and retrieved asynchronously.

```javascript
import Fluid from "@fluid-experimental/fluid-static";

await Fluid.createContainer("_unique-id_", /* config */);
const container = await Fluid.getContainer("_unique-id_", /* config */);
```

## Defining Fluid Containers

Fluid Containers are defined by a config. The config includes initial properties of the Container as well as what collaborative objects can be dynamically created.

See [`ContainerConfig`](./src/types.ts) in [`./src/types/ts`](./src/types.ts) for details about the specific properties.

```javascript
const config = {
    name: "my-container",
    initialObjects: {
        /* ... */
    },

>     dynamicDataTypes: [ /*...*/ ],

Reviewer: nit: possible typo?
```suggestion
    dynamicObjectTypes: [ /*...*/ ],
```

```

## Using initial objects

The most common way to use Fluid is through initial collaborative objects that are created when the Container is created.

> Note: Collaborative objects are referred to as LoadableObjects within Fluid. LoadableObjects are specific to Fluid and expose a collaborative interface. DistributedDataStructures and DataObjects are types of LoadableObjects.

`initialObjects` are loaded into memory when the Container is loaded and the developer can access them off the Container via the `initialObjects` property. The `initialObjects` property has the same signature as the Container config.

```javascript
const config = {
    name: "my-container",
    initialObjects: {
        map1: SharedMap,
        pair1: KeyValueDataObject,
    }
}

const container = await Fluid.getContainer("_unique-id_", config);

const initialObjects = container.initialObjects;
const map1 = initialObjects.map1;
const pair1 = initialObjects["pair1"];
```

## Using dynamic objects

LoadableObjects can also be created dynamically during runtime. Dynamic object types need to be defined in the  `dynamicObjectTypes` property of the ContainerConfig.

> The Container has a `create` method that will create a new instance of the provided type. This instance will be local to the user until attached to another LoadableObject. `initialObjects` are attached when the Container is created and should be used to store dynamic objects. When storing a LoadableObject you must store a reference to the object and not the object itself. To do this use the `handle` property on the LoadableObject.

Reviewer 2: I think the "initialObjects are ... used to store dynamic objects" line is a bit confusing.  I'd suggest something like "Dynamic objects created this way should be stored in `initialObjects`, which are attached when the Container is created."

> The Container has a `create` method that will create a new instance of the provided type. This instance will be local to the user until attached to another LoadableObject. `initialObjects` are attached when the Container is created and should be used to store dynamic objects. When storing a LoadableObject you must store a reference to the object and not the object itself. To do this use the `handle` property on the LoadableObject.

Author: ```suggestion
The Container has a `create` method that will create a new instance of the provided type. This instance will be local to the user until attached to another LoadableObject. Dynamic objects created this way should be stored in initialObjects, which are attached when the Container is created. When storing a LoadableObject you must store a reference to the object and not the object itself. To do this use the `handle` property on the LoadableObject.
```
